hi i'm lisa krone and i'm here with best
epicurean on behalf of expertvillage.com
and today we're going to talk about
making hot chocolate from a mix so i'm
sure you've all seen these packets that
come in a box from the store so what
we're going to do is show the right way
to make hot chocolate from a mix a lot
of times people and they're making it
wrong and they get gloppy gross
disgusting globules in their hot
chocolate and that's just icky so the
first thing we do is we open up the
packet I used like to use like a cup
that you would get at a coffee shop and
the reason why i like to use that is if
especially if little ones are going to
be drinking or you're going to be taking
outside and the snow you don't want to
draw up a cup there so you empty the
whole packet into the cup throw your
garbage way because you want to keep
your maintenance and now i have boiled
this about a cup and a half a little
more than a cup of water just i might
need some extra water and what i'm going
to do is I'm going to put about this
much water into the cup and I'm going to
mix it up so now I can do a much more
vigorous mixing then you would normally
do if the cup was full what this does is
is that breaks up the powder so you can
have some nice smooth hot chocolate
after I mix it up as you can see there's
really nothing that's come to the top as
a globule I will pour the rest of the
hot the hot water I will give it another
mix again you don't want to put it all
the way up to the top because I like to
leave a room for some extra goodies one
of the things I love to do instead of
marshmallows I love to put a little half
in half in there and that just makes it
so much creamier and then if you really
want to add a little bit of flavor you
can add some natural vanilla syrup and
make sure when you buy the vanilla syrup
you by the natural you don't want to buy
one that has corns here for anything
like that in it and I would just pour a
little drop in and what
it's going to do is give it a vanilla
flavor and kids will love that you just
mix it up a little bit more put your
spoon here you throw your lid on you
give it a good taste oh that's good and
that's how you make hot chocolate from a
mix